README.md, before:

# Vowly Wedding Checklist

A comprehensive wedding planning checklist application designed to help couples organize and track their wedding planning journey.

## Features

- **Interactive Checklist**: Organized by wedding planning phases:
  - Big Picture Planning (12+ to 10 months)
  - Bringing the Vision to Life (10-6 months)
  - The Nitty Gritty (6-3 months)
  - The Final Touches (3-2 months)
  - The Home Stretch (2-1 months)
  - Showtime! (1 month-wedding day)

- **Visual Progress Tracking**: See your wedding planning progress at a glance
- **Expert Tips**: Pro tips from wedding experts for each planning phase
- **Personalization**: Add couple names and wedding details
- **Save & Export**: Email or download your checklist as a PDF

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/vowly-wedding-checklist.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   cd vowly-wedding-checklist
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server
   ```
   npm start
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser

### Build for Production

```
npm run build
```

## Technology Stack

- React 19.0.0
- Create React App
- CSS (with animations and responsive design)
- PDF generation for downloads (jsPDF)
- Local storage for saving progress

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by countless wedding planning resources
- Designed with love for couples everywhere

Commit message:

Add marketing resources and integration examples

README.md, after:

# Vowly Wedding Checklist

A comprehensive wedding planning checklist application designed to help couples organize and track their wedding planning journey.

## Features

- **Interactive Checklist**: Organized by wedding planning phases:
  - Big Picture Planning (12+ to 10 months)
  - Bringing the Vision to Life (10-6 months)
  - The Nitty Gritty (6-3 months)
  - The Final Touches (3-2 months)
  - The Home Stretch (2-1 months)
  - Showtime! (1 month-wedding day)

- **Visual Progress Tracking**: See your wedding planning progress at a glance
- **Expert Tips**: Pro tips from wedding experts for each planning phase
- **Personalization**: Add couple names and wedding details
- **Save & Export**: Email or download your checklist as a PDF

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/harrykioko/vowly-wedding-checklist.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   cd vowly-wedding-checklist
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server
   ```
   npm start
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser

### Build for Production

```
npm run build
```

## Technology Stack

- React 19.0.0
- Create React App
- CSS (with animations and responsive design)
- PDF generation for downloads (jsPDF)
- Local storage for saving progress

## Marketing Resources

The `marketing` directory contains resources for integrating the Vowly Wedding Checklist into marketing websites:

- **Integration Examples**: Sample code showing how to embed the checklist in various ways
- **Landing Page Example**: A demo marketing page to showcase the checklist
- **Screenshots**: High-quality images of the application for marketing materials
- **Integration Guide**: Documentation on how to integrate with the broader Vowly platform

For more information, see the [Marketing README](./marketing/README.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by countless wedding planning resources
- Designed with love for couples everywhere
